CNV - BZ#1917499 - net-attach-def and the overall improvement (#30387)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-creating-bridge-nad-cli.adoc

.Procedure

. Create a network attachment definition manifest.
The manifest must have the following contents, modified to match your configuration:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: <a-bridge-network> <1>
  annotations:

>     k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/resourceName: bridge.network.kubevirt.io/<br0> <2>

Reviewer: This might only be me not familiar with the rules of documentation, but to my understanding - the triangular parentheses <> are not supposed to include an actual value.`br0` is an actual name of a node bridge interface, especially when you say in bullet #2 (Line 45): "...run on nodes that have the `br0` bridge connected".

Author: Yeah, we use angle brackets to show replaceable values. In this case I thought that the bridge 'br0' is not a fixed name and should be denoted as replaceable. 
I've kept the angled brackets in the YAML but updated the callout description:
<2> Optional: Annotation key:value for node selection, where `br0` is the name of a bridge configured on some nodes. If you add this annotation to your network attachment definition, your virtual machine instances will only run on the nodes that have the `br0` bridge connected.
Does that help?

Reviewer: Yep, that nails it perfectly. Thanks Andrew.

>     k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/resourceName: bridge.network.kubevirt.io/<br0> <2>

Reviewer 2: Hmm. Even though it's replaceable, I wouldn't put `br0` into angled brackets since it is an actual bridge name. I'd use something like `<bridge-interface>` instead.

spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion": "0.3.1",
    "name": "<a-bridge-network>", <3>
    "plugins": [
      {
        "type": "cnv-bridge", <4>

>         "bridge": "<br0>", <5>

Reviewer: Same comment as in line 27.

        "vlan": 1 <6>
      },
      {
        "type": "cnv-tuning" <7>
      }
    ]
  }'
----
<1> The name for the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` object.

> <2> If you add this annotation to your network attachment definition, your virtual machine instances will only run on nodes that have the `br0` bridge connected.

Reviewer 3: some bullets here explain the meaning (1,6) and some just a comment to it. 
Please make it the same for all. I suggest: [Required|Optional]: <short-description>. <extra comment>

> <2> Optional: Annotation key:value for node selection, where `br0` is the name of a bridge configured on some nodes. If you add this annotation to your network attachment definition, your virtual machine instances will only run on the nodes that have the `br0` bridge connected.

Reviewer 2: s/key:value/key-value pair

> <3> A name for the configuration. It is recommended to match the configuration name to the `name` value of the network attachment definition.

Reviewer 3: should be the same format as other bullets
```suggestion
<3> The name for the configuration. It is recommended to match the configuration name to the `name` value of the network attachment definition.
```

<4> The actual name of the Container Network Interface (CNI) plug-in that provides the network for this network attachment definition. Do not change this field unless you want to use a different CNI.
<5> The name of the Linux bridge configured on the node.
<6> Optional: The VLAN tag.

> <7> A CNI plug-in that allows the MAC pool manager to assign a unique MAC address to the connection.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<7> The CNI plug-in that allows the MAC pool manager to assign a unique MAC address to the connection.
```

. Create the network attachment definition: 
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <network-attachment-definition.yaml> <1>
----
<1> Where `<network-attachment-definition.yaml>` is the file name of the network attachment definition manifest.

.Verification

> * Run either `oc get network-attachment-definition <name>` or `oc get net-attach-def <name>` to verify the network attachment definition is created:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Verify that the network attachment definition is created by running either `oc get network-attachment-definition <name>` or `oc get net-attach-def <name>`. For example:
```
